inian doctors have discovered a mass
grave in the courtyard of alifa Hospital
in Gaza City nine bodies believed to be
of hospital patients have been found so
far doctors say they witnessed the
killings outside the main gate of the
hospital it's one of several Mass Graves
discovered on the grounds of alifa in
the last few days meanwhile at least
five people have been killed and several
others injured in an Israeli bombing in
central Gaza a family home in Alat
refugee camp was targeted and rescue
workers are still trying to reach people
trapped under the rubble the injured
have been taken to a makeshift hospital
for treatment in the magazi refugee camp
Palestinians are sifting through the
wreckage after an Israeli strike reduced
their homes to Rubble residents say they
were sleeping before being woken up by a
knock at the door and told to evacuate
in preparation for an Israeli strike
let's get the latest with hanim Mahmud
who's in Rafa for us hany what more
details are you hearing for us about
this new Mass grave that's been found in
alifa what do we know about the
victims with more tragedies keep
unfolding from a shifa hospital complex
and it's just important to remind our
viewers that within the past month the
Israeli military storm the chifa
hospital after it did back in December
in 2023 but the one in March was so
aggressive it led to complete
destruction of the hills facilities
including all of its specialized uh
buildings and medical Warehouse in
addition to uh the uh the medical
supplies and the medical equipment
inside the hospital but the tragedies
that we're looking at right now is that
more people who were uh under the the
rubbles and the fact that many of them
at the beginning uh of last week when
the Israeli military pulled out were
found and tied their hands were tied
behind their back and were buried under
buried in a massive grave but as of
today doctors keep digging and looking
for bodies from under the rubbles It is
believed that they were close to uh 500
people who were inside the hospital
those were civilian with women and
children and elderly were inside the
hospital Sheltering and what the doctors
did today as they were digging they were
able to remove nine bodies dodly
decomposed they just believe they've
been uh under the in a massive grave for
the past weeks uh doctors also got to
the point where it's it was extremely
risky to continue digging for uh bodies
under under the the rubbles or uh remove
uh these bodies from these massive
graves because of the the presence of
attack drones uh and uh and surveillance
the Drone so they seize the operations
and lift the area the entire chifa
complex turned into a graveyard as
described by a top honorable officials
in Gaza who refer to Gaza as a place of
of healing that turned into a massive
graveyard as the Israeli military uh uh
stormed it within the past months and
it's we believe uh uh according to the
reports that are emerging from uh Gaza
and the Sha Hospital there are more
people is still missing and a trapped
and possibly in massive grave uh be they
will be removed within the coming days
some Grim discoveries no doubt there in
alifa what else has been happening
across the Gaza Strip honey what areas
have the latest Israeli air strikes
targeted well the Israeli strikes and
artillery Shilling continue to uh pound
across the Central Area mainly a n
refugee camp that's the new block of the
refugee camp the northern part of the
central area and the southern area of
waza area was designated as a safe zone
for people coming from the northern
partal city displaced families to move
into just find themselves right now uh
under uh a a the heavy bombardment and
artillery Shilling five more people
reported killed as more residential home
being targeted and destroyed and the
vast majority of the uh the
infrastructure and public facilities
meanwhile in the northern part of Gaza
uh that has been under heavy bombardment
since the past 6 months more more of the
residential homes and public facilities
in jabalia refugee camp and also in
jabalia town have been targeted and
destroyed and and the fact that we're
seeing this sheer level of Destruction
caused by the intense bombing campaign
is uh the number one reason why we seen
more people missing and it trapped under
the rebels because it takes really long
time and with the uh the in an
unavailability of the uh of of tools and
and equipments it's hard to remove these
bodies right away so when they when they
are found and removed they are largely
deceased Hy thank you for the update
that's Al jaaz is hanim Mahmud reporting
their live from Rafa Southern
Gaza make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer